It's all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding this, this is not signed by me
This is my subordinate's decision
I want to cooperate with Miss Shangguan
Come on, come on
Now go to your contract
Specifications according to our beauty
Li International's top standards come and go
Please take a seat
Ah!
This is our new cooperation contract with Shangguan Family
Please take a look
Win 200% Liquidated damages 10 trillion USD
Mr. Davis
That's not appropriate.
It fits, it fits.
It fits perfectly.
I am willing to pay the full price
In order to cooperate with Miss Shangguan
You see, he said it himself.
Happy cooperation
Thank you. Thank you.
To celebrate the success of our collaboration
I would like to invite you to our Buping Hotel
Have lunch
Is that okay? You don't need to eat.
The home is ready and waiting for us.
We're going back, hey, hey.
To express my respect for you.
This is the black diamond card of our group.
Limited to 10 copies worldwide
This card will be available to all members of our family
The best service.
I hope you can accept it.
Home
You two walk slowly
How come?
Miss Shangguan is the lady of heaven
The fake news they released almost killed me
Go down here.
You owe strength
Banned the butler